well howdy there Internet people it's
bug out so today we are going to talk
about satire irony and parody I normally
don't like doing videos like this like
behind the scenes how the sausage is
made type of video mainly because when
I'm watching it I don't find that
interesting myself
however I've gotten enough questions
since that last video I kind of feel
like I have to so if you subscribe to
this channel in the last few months
you've never seen any of the
long-running jokes and gags that occur
on it there was a lot of very important
information stuff related to people's
health that we had to get out I felt
kind of obligated to use every minute of
the platform for that so the jokes kind
of had to go by the wayside they had to
wait satire is something that would
happen on this channel maybe once a
month and not super frequently but often
enough for people to get it and to
realize that that's what I'm doing
however I went and looked since the last
time I did one there there's been like
40 or 50,000 new subscribers who had no
clue what I was doing earlier hey so
satire is the use of humor irony
exaggeration or ridicule to expose and
criticize people's stupidity or vices
particularly in the context of
contemporary politics and other topical
issues for me it's mainly exaggeration
and irony irony being the use of words
to express something other than their
literal meaning obviously if you've
watched enough of this channel you know
that me saying trump is a great leader
is a little off one of the problems with
satire that's not really a problem it's
how it functions is that if it's done
right it's pretty much impossible to
differentiate from somebody who actually
holds that opinion it's called Poe's law
so the question is why do I do it
and the answer is twofold one we discuss
a lot of heavy stuff on this channel a
little bit of humor and levity it's a
good thing every once in a while we need
it we need a break I do anyway but
there's another reason there's a more
practical reason you know statistics
hard information that can get you to
fact however sometimes a little bit of
fiction can help people get to truth and
that's what I kind of strive for in
those videos
a lot of people have said you know I'm
sorry man the first few times I saw your
thumb now I scrolled right past you
because I'm like what's this hillbilly
gonna say and that's fair so what I look
like that's okay
however if you're one of those people
who did that initially and then clicked
on a thumbnail eventually you're one of
those who likes to challenge your own
viewpoints you're okay with hearing
something outside of your bubble however
how do you reach those people who are
afraid to go outside of their bubble for
me because of how I look it's really
easy
I just slap a title on it that is in
favor of whatever group I'm trying to
reach that matches up with their their
bias and they'll click on it because of
how I look the very thing that stopped a
lot of people from clicking on it
earlier helps me with that it's a cheap
trick but it works and when they click
on it they hear normally something that
starts off with them like yeah yeah and
they don't realize it's satire until the
very end but by that point they've heard
it they can't unhear it maybe it sticks
maybe it helps maybe it helps people
break out of the spell that Trump has
put them under as an example in that
last video
there are a lot of people who accept
what he says as gospel and who will
rationalize and justify anything he does
that's incredibly dangerous that is
incredibly dangerous so I do it for that
reason too maybe I reach one or two
people if that's true that's a win for
me everybody else gets a laugh and I
help a couple people I'm cool with that
so that's why the satire happens now
since we're on the topic I'll go ahead
and tell you I put a lot of visual cues
into my videos most people have realized
the shirt matches what I'm talking about
when I'm doing satire if you take a good
look at my hat you'll see a clue there
there are a lot of people who have
noticed I have put Easter eggs on the
shelves behind me not literal Easter
eggs
I'll put little items again it's just a
joke however when you're looking for
those please be careful and understand
this is an active shop I had a guy send
me a message I didn't think about that
shovel for three days and don't get it
sometimes a shovel is just shovel
because I set it there after planting
trees or something now if you are one of
the newer people I'll also tell you a
little bit about parody every once in a
while a fellow comes by by the name of
deep goat he is being interviewed by two
reporters wayward and Berenstein he is a
deep state establishment insider who
typically provides information and
insight related to intelligence
activities he's wearing a suit you don't
get to know what he looks like because
his face is always blurred but he sounds
a whole lot like me it's it's freaky
he's also normally carrying a PLAs that
has the Mad Hatter from Alice in
Wonderland comment given what is going
on in the sentence Senate Intelligence
Committee right now I would imagine that
he might make an appearance
so there's a little bit about some of
the behind-the-scenes stuff that goes on
on the channel now I do it because the
goal of this channel is yes to spread
information but also to build the
community and the little running jokes
the little gags they help develop that
you know it's something that people can
point out to each other and it it helps
build that community which is really a
major goal of this channel is to
eventually be able to take this into the
real world so you guys can network and
meet people from your community from
your local community and get out there
and do something if you want to and in
order to do that I have to foster
camaraderie and a sense of connectedness
in the comments section this is one of
the ways I try yeah so I guess that's it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night